annot: mix the flour, salt, baking powder, and water
ACTID: 0
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the flour (-1), salt (-1), baking powder (-1), water (-1)
annot: Add oil, chilis, and curry leaves to a pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oil (-1), chilis (-1), curry leaves (-1)
[PP, location, to] a pan (-1)
annot: Add the mustard, cumin, and fennel seeds to the pan
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the mustard (-1), cumin (-1), fennel seeds (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (1)
annot: Add the onion to the pan
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the onion (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (2)
annot: Add the salt and spices to the pan
ACTID: 4
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the salt (-1), spices (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (3)
annot: stir
ACTID: 5
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (4)
annot: Add the potatos to the pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the potatos (-1)
[PP, food, to] the pan (5)
annot: Spread the batter on the pan
ACTID: 7
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] the batter (0)
[PP, food, on] the pan (-1)
annot: place the mixture on half of the dosa
ACTID: 8
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the mixture (6)
[PP, food, on] half of the dosa (7)
annot: Fold the dosa over to cover the mixture
ACTID: 9
PRED: fold
[DOBJ, food] the dosa (8)
[PP, food, over] to cover the mixture (8)